docs/user_guide/Introduction.md, before:

# Introduction

Welcome to the LLMFlows user guide. In this introductory section, we will review some 
of the main abstractions of LLMFlows and cover some basic patterns when building 
LLM-powered applications. In the end, we will see how we can use the `Flow` and 
`Flowstep` classes to create explicit and transparent LLM apps easily.

## LLMs
LLMs are one of the main abstractions in LLMFlows. LLM classes are wrappers around LLM 
APIs such as OpenAI's APIs. They provide methods for configuring and calling these APIs, 
retrying failed calls, and formatting the responses.

!!! info

    LLM classes can be imported from `llmfwlos.llms`

OpenAI's `GPT-3` is one of the commonly used LLMs, and is available through their 
completion API. The LLMFlows' `OpenAI` class is a wrapper around this API. It can be 
configured in the following way:

```python
from llmflows.llms import OpenAI

llm = OpenAI(
    model="text-davinci-003",
    temperature=0.7,
    max_tokens=500,
    max_retries=3,
)
```

All LLM classes have `.generate()` and `.generate_async()` mehtods for 
generating text. In order to generate text with `"text-davinci-003"` the only thing we 
need to provide is a `prompt` string.

```python
result, call_data, model_config = llm.generate(
   prompt="Generate a cool title for an 80s rock song"
)
```

The `.generate()` method returns the text completion, the API call information, and the 
config that was used to make the call.

```python
print(result)
```

```commandline
"Living On The Edge of Time"
```

## Chat LLMs
Chat LLMs gained popularity after ChatGPT was released and the chat completions API 
from OpenAI became publicly available. LLMFlows provides an `OpenAIChat` class that is 
an interface for this API.

```python
from llmflows.llms import OpenAIChat
```

Regular LLMs like GPT-3 require just an input prompt to make a completion, but Chat 
LLMs work a bit differently.On the other hand, `OpenAIChat` requires a list of messages 
representing a conversation history between a user and an assistant. This conversation 
history is sent to the model, and a new message is generated based on it.

In addition to the conversation history, `OpenAIChat` supports system messages (AKA 
system prompts) that set the behavior of the Chat LLM. 

```python
llm = OpenAIChat(system_prompt="You are a useful assistant")
```

!!! info
    OpenAI's chat compeltion API supports three message types:

    1. `system` (system message setting the behavior of the LLM)
    2. `user` (message by the user)
    3. `assistant` (response generated by the LLM as a response to the user message)

Like `OpenAI`, The `OpenAIChat` class has `generate()` and `generate_async()` 
methods but it also provides methods for managing conversation history like adding, 
removing and updating messages. For more information check the 
[OpenAIChat](openai_chat.md) section of our API reference.

We can easily use these methods to build a simple chatbot assistant with a few lines of 
code:

```python
while True:
    user_message = input("You:")
    llm.add_message(user_message)
    llm_response, call_data, model_config = llm.generate()
    print(f"LLM: {llm_response}")
```

```commandline
You: hey
LLM: Hello! How can I assist you today?
You: ...
```

In the snippet above, we read the user input, and then pass it to the conversation 
history of the `llm` object with the help of the `add_message()` method.
Then we use the `generate()` method to produce an answer from the Chat LLM.

!!! info
    LLMFlow automatically adds the responses to the conversation history by default, 
    so the user doesn't need to manage this.

## Prompt Templates

Prompt templates are the second primary abstraction in LLMFlows. The `PromptTemplate`
class allows us to create strings with variables that we can fill in dynamically later 
on.

!!! info
    The `PromptTemplate` class can be imported from `llmflows.prompts`

We can create prompt templates by passing in a string. The variables within the string 
are defined with curly brackets.

```python
from llmflows.prompts import PromptTemplate

title_template = PromptTemplate("Generate a title for a {style} song about {topic}.")
```

Once a prompt template object is created an actual prompt can be generated by providing 
the required variables. Let's imagine we want to generate a song title for a hip-hop 
song about friendship:

```python
title_prompt = title_template.get_prompt(style="hip-hop", topic="friendship")
print(title_prompt)
```

```commandline
"Generate a title for a hip-hop song about friendship"
```

!!! question

    Q: What happens if we don't provide all the variables?

    A: The prompt template will raise an exception specifying that there are missing variables.

Now that we have the actual prompt we can use it with an LLM.

```python
llm = OpenAI()
song_title, _, _ = llm.generate(title_prompt)
print(song_title)
```

```commandline
"True to the Crew"
```

## Combining LLMs

So far, we covered the main `OpenAI`, `OpenAIChat`, and the `PromptTemplate` classes, 
and we saw how we could build simple LLM applications that generate outputs based on 
dynamically created prompts. 

Another typical pattern when building LLM applications is using the output of an LLM as 
an input to another LLM. Let's say we want to generate a title for a song, then create 
lyrics based on the title and finally paraphrase the lyrics.

Let's create the prompts for the three steps: 

```python
from llmflows.prompts import PromptTemplate

title_template = PromptTemplate("What is a good title of a song about {topic}")
lyrics_template = PromptTemplate("Write me the lyrics for a song with a title {song_title}")
heavy_metal_template = PromptTemplate("paraphrase the following lyrics: {lyrics}")

```

Now we can use these prompt templates to generate text based on an initial input, and 
each generated text can serve as input for the variables in the following prompt 
template.

```python
from llmflows.llms import OpenAI

title_llm = OpenAI()
writer_llm = OpenAI()
heavy_metal_llm = OpenAI()

title_prompt = title_template.get_prompt(topic="friendship")
song_title, _, _ = title_llm.generate(title_prompt)

lyrics_prompt = lyrics_template.get_prompt(song_title=song_title)
song_lyrics, _, _ = writer_llm.generate(lyrics_prompt)

heavy_metal_prompt = heavy_metal_template.get_prompt(lyrics=song_lyrics)
heavy_metal_lyrics, _, _ = heavy_metal_llm.generate(heavy_metal_prompt)

```

Let's see what we managed to generate. For the first LLM call we provided the topic 
manually and we got the following title:

```python
print("Song title:\n", song_title)
```

```commandline
Song title:
"Friendship Forever"
```

The song title was then passed as an argument for the `{song_title}` variable in the 
next template and the resulting prompt was used to generate our song lyrics:

```python
print("Song Lyrics:\n", song_lyrics)
```

```commandline
Song Lyrics:

Verse 1:
It's been a long road, but we made it here
We've been through tough times, but we stayed strong through the years
We've been through the highs and the lows, but we never gave up
Friendship forever, through the good and the bad

Chorus:
Friendship forever, it will always last
Together we'll stand, no matter what the past
No mountain too high, no river too wide
Friendship forever, side by side

Verse 2:
We've been through the laughter and the tears
We've shared the joys and the fears
But no matter the challenge, we'll never give in
Friendship forever, it's a bond that will never break

Chorus:
Friendship forever, it will always last
Together we'll stand, no matter what the past
No mountain too high, no river too wide
Friendship forever, side by side

Bridge:
We'll be here for each other, through thick and thin
Our friendship will always remain strong within
No matter the distance, our bond will remain
Friendship forever, never fade away

Chorus:
Friendship forever, it will always last
Together we'll stand, no matter what the past
No mountain too high, no river too wide
Friendship forever, side by side
```

Finally, the generated song lyrics were passed as an argument to the `{lyrics}` 
variable of the last prompt template, which is used for the final LLM call that 
produces the heavy metal version of the lyrics:

```python
print("Heavy Metal Lyrics:\n", heavy_metal_lyrics)
```

```commandline
Heavy Metal Lyrics:

Verse 1:
The journey was hard, but we made it here
Through the hardships we endured, never wavering in our hearts
We've seen the highs and the lows, but never surrendering
Friendship forever, no matter the odds

Chorus:
Friendship forever, it will never die
Together we'll fight, no matter what we defy
No force too strong, no abyss too deep
Friendship forever, bound in steel we'll keep

```

## LLM Flows

In the previous sections, we reviewed the `LLM` and `PromptTemplate` abstractions and 
introduced two common patterns when building LLM-powered apps. 
In the first pattern, we used prompt templates to create dynamic prompts, and in the 
second pattern, we used the output of an LLM call as input to another LLM.

In this section, we will introduce two new main abstractions of LLMFlows - Flowsteps 
and Flows.

!!! info
    The `Flow` and `FlowStep` classes can be imported from `llmflows.flows`

Flows and FlowSteps are the bread and butter of LLMFlows. They are simple but powerful 
abstractions that allow us to create arbitrary DAG(Directed acyclic graph) connections 
between LLMs while managing dependencies, order of execution, and prompt variables.

Let's try to reproduce the previous example using Flows and Flowsteps. As a start, 
let's define the same templates that we are already familiar with:

```python
from llmflows.prompts import PromptTemplate

title_template = PromptTemplate("What is a good title of a song about {topic}")
lyrics_template = PromptTemplate("Write me the lyrics for a song with a title {song_title}")
heavy_metal_template = PromptTemplate("paraphrase the following lyrics: {lyrics}")
```

Once we have the prompt templates, we can start defining the flowsteps:

```python
from llmflows.flows import Flow, FlowStep

title_flowstep = FlowStep(
    name="Title Flowstep",
    llm=OpenAI(),
    prompt_template=title_template,
    output_key="song_title",
)

lyrics_flowstep = FlowStep(
    name="Lyrics Flowstep",
    llm=OpenAI(),
    prompt_template=lyrics_template,
    output_key="lyrics",
)

heavy_metal_flowstep = FlowStep(
    name="Heavy Metal Flowstep",
    llm=OpenAI(),
    prompt_template=heavy_metal_template,
    output_key="heavy_metal_lyrics",
)
```

To create a flowstep, we have to provide the required parameters for the `FlowStep` 
class:

- name (must be unique)
- the LLM to be used within the flow
- the prompt template to be used when calling the LLM
- output_key (must be unique), which is treated as a prompt variable for other flowsteps

!!! question
    
    Q: What if I don't want to provide a prompt template? In many cases I can simply 
    use a string instead.

    A: Makes sense! In this scenario, feel free to create a prompt template without 
    any variables.

Once we have the FlowStep definitions, we can connect the flowsteps.

```python
title_flowstep.connect(lyrics_flowstep)
lyrics_flowstep.connect(heavy_metal_flowstep)
```

Now we can create the flow and run it. We must provide the first `FlowStep` to create 
the' Flow' object. Finally, to run it, we must use the `execute()` method and provide 
any required initial inputs.

```python
songwriting_flow = Flow(title_flowstep)
result = songwriting_flow.execute(topic="love", verbose=True)  # provide initial inputs for the flow
```

This is it!

Although this seems like a lot of extra abstractions to achieve the same functionality 
as in the previous examples, if we start inspecting the results, we will see some 
advantages of using Flows and FlowSteps.

After running all FlowSteps, the Flow will return detailed results for the execution 
of each individual FlowStep:

```python
print(result)
```

```python
{
    "Title Flowstep": {...},
    "Lyrics Flowstep": {...},
    "Heavy Metal Flowstep": {...}
}
```

Let's take a look at what happend when executing the "Title Flowstep":
```python
print(result["Title Flowstep"])
```
```json
{
   "start_time":"2023-07-03T15:23:47.490368",
   "prompt_inputs":{
      "topic":"love"
   },
   "generated":"\n\n\"Love Is All Around Us\"",
   "call_data":{
      "raw_outputs":{
         "<OpenAIObject text_completion id=cmpl-7YMFPac1MKUje0jIyk4adkYssk4rQ at 0x107946f90> JSON":{
            "choices":[
               {
                  "finish_reason":"stop",
                  "index":0,
                  "logprobs":null,
                  "text":"\n\n\"Love Is All Around Us\""
               }
            ],
            "created":1688423027,
            "id":"cmpl-7YMFPac1MKUje0jIyk4adkYssk4rQ",
            "model":"text-davinci-003",
            "object":"text_completion",
            "usage":{
               "completion_tokens":9,
               "prompt_tokens":10,
               "total_tokens":19
            }
         }
      },
      "retries":0,
      "prompt_template":"What is a good title of a song about {topic}",
      "prompt":"What is a good title of a song about love"
   },
   "config":{
      "model_name":"text-davinci-003",
      "temperature":0.7,
      "max_tokens":500
   },
   "end_time":"2023-07-03T15:23:48.845386",
   "execution_time":1.355005416,
   "result":{
      "song_title":"\n\n\"Love Is All Around Us\""
   }
}

```

There is a lot to unpack here, but after executing the flow, we have complete 
visibility of what happened at each flowstep. By having this information, we can answer 
questions such as:

- When was a particular flowstep executed?
- How much time did it take?
- What were the input variables?
- What was the prompt template?
- What did the prompt look like?
- What was the exact configuration of the model?
- How many times did we retry the request?
- What was the raw data the API returned?
- How many tokens were used?
- What was the final result?

This ties to our "Simple, Explicit, and Transparent LLM apps philosophy." This 
information gives developers complete visibility and easily log, debug, and maintain 
LLM apps.

This, however, is only one of many values that LLMFlows can provide. This simple 
example is excellent for this guide, but real-life applications are usually more 
complex. Next, we will go deeper into more complex applications where Flows and 
FlowSteps start to shine due to features like figuring out variable dependencies and 
concurrent(async) execution.
***
[Next: LLM Flows :material-arrow-right:](Complex Flows.md){ .md-button }

Commit message:

improving text in all guidelines, renaming flowstep execute methods to run, renaming flowstep execute methods to start

docs/user_guide/Introduction.md, after:

# Introduction

Welcome to the LLMFlows user guide. In this introductory section, we will review some 
of the main abstractions of LLMFlows and cover some basic patterns when building 
LLM-powered applications. In the end, we will see how we can use the `Flow` and 
`FlowStep` classes to create explicit and transparent LLM apps easily.

## LLMs
LLMs are one of the main abstractions in LLMFlows. LLM classes are wrappers around LLM 
APIs such as OpenAI's APIs. They provide methods for configuring and calling these APIs, 
retrying failed calls, and formatting the responses.

!!! info

    LLM classes can be imported from `llmfwlos.llms`

OpenAI's `GPT-3` is one of the commonly used LLMs, and is available through their 
completion API. The LLMFlows' `OpenAI` class is a wrapper around this API. It can be 
configured in the following way:

```python
from llmflows.llms import OpenAI

llm = OpenAI(
    model="text-davinci-003",
    temperature=0.7,
    max_tokens=500,
    max_retries=3,
)
```

All LLM classes have `.generate()` and `.generate_async()` mehtods for 
generating text. In order to generate text with `"text-davinci-003"` the only thing we 
need to provide is a `prompt` string.

```python
result, call_data, model_config = llm.generate(
   prompt="Generate a cool title for an 80s rock song"
)
```

The `.generate()` method returns the text completion, the API call information, and the 
config that was used to make the call.

```python
print(result)
```

```commandline
"Living On The Edge of Time"
```

## Chat LLMs
Chat LLMs gained popularity after ChatGPT was released and the chat completions API 
from OpenAI became publicly available. LLMFlows provides an `OpenAIChat` class that is 
an interface for this API.

```python
from llmflows.llms import OpenAIChat
```

Regular LLMs like GPT-3 require just an input prompt to make a completion. On the other 
hand, `OpenAIChat` requires a list of messages representing a conversation history 
between a user and an assistant. This conversation history is sent to the model, and a 
new message is generated based on it.

In addition to the conversation history, `OpenAIChat` supports system messages (AKA 
system prompts) that set the behavior of the Chat LLM. 

```python
llm = OpenAIChat(system_prompt="You are a useful assistant")
```

!!! info
    OpenAI's chat compeltion API supports three message types:

    1. `system` (system message setting the behavior of the LLM)
    2. `user` (message by the user)
    3. `assistant` (response generated by the LLM as a response to the user message)

Like `OpenAI`, The `OpenAIChat` class has `generate()` and `generate_async()` 
methods but it also provides methods for managing conversation history like adding, 
removing and updating messages. For more information check the 
[OpenAIChat](../api_reference/llms/openai_chat.md) section of our API reference.

We can easily use these methods to build a simple chatbot assistant with a few lines of 
code:

```python
while True:
    user_message = input("You:")
    llm.add_message(user_message)
    llm_response, call_data, model_config = llm.generate()
    print(f"LLM: {llm_response}")
```

```commandline
You: hey
LLM: Hello! How can I assist you today?
You: ...
```

In the snippet above, we read the user input, and then pass it to the conversation 
history of the `llm` object with the help of the `add_message()` method.
Then we use the `generate()` method to produce an answer from the Chat LLM.

!!! info
    LLMFlow automatically adds the responses to the conversation history by default, 
    so the user doesn't need to manage this.

## Prompt Templates

Prompt templates are the second primary abstraction in LLMFlows. The `PromptTemplate`
class allows us to create strings with variables that we can fill in dynamically later 
on.

!!! info
    The `PromptTemplate` class can be imported from `llmflows.prompts`

We can create prompt templates by passing in a string. The variables within the string 
are defined with curly brackets.

```python
from llmflows.prompts import PromptTemplate

title_template = PromptTemplate("Generate a title for a {style} song about {topic}.")
```

Once a prompt template object is created an actual prompt can be generated by providing 
the required variables. Let's imagine we want to generate a song title for a hip-hop 
song about friendship:

```python
title_prompt = title_template.get_prompt(style="hip-hop", topic="friendship")
print(title_prompt)
```

```commandline
"Generate a title for a hip-hop song about friendship"
```

!!! question

    Q: What happens if we don't provide all the variables?

    A: The prompt template will raise an exception specifying that there are missing variables.

Now that we have the actual prompt we can use it with an LLM.

```python
llm = OpenAI()
song_title, _, _ = llm.generate(title_prompt)
print(song_title)
```

```commandline
"True to the Crew"
```

## Combining LLMs

So far, we covered the main `OpenAI`, `OpenAIChat`, and the `PromptTemplate` classes, 
and we saw how we could build simple LLM applications that generate outputs based on 
dynamically created prompts. 

Another typical pattern when building LLM applications is using the output of an LLM as 
an input to another LLM. Let's say we want to generate a title for a song, then create 
lyrics based on the title and finally paraphrase the lyrics.

Let's create the prompts for the three steps: 

```python
from llmflows.prompts import PromptTemplate

title_template = PromptTemplate("What is a good title of a song about {topic}")
lyrics_template = PromptTemplate("Write me the lyrics for a song with a title {song_title}")
heavy_metal_template = PromptTemplate("paraphrase the following lyrics: {lyrics}")

```

Now we can use these prompt templates to generate text based on an initial input, and 
each generated text can serve as input for the variables in the following prompt 
template.

```python
from llmflows.llms import OpenAI

title_llm = OpenAI()
writer_llm = OpenAI()
heavy_metal_llm = OpenAI()

title_prompt = title_template.get_prompt(topic="friendship")
song_title, _, _ = title_llm.generate(title_prompt)

lyrics_prompt = lyrics_template.get_prompt(song_title=song_title)
song_lyrics, _, _ = writer_llm.generate(lyrics_prompt)

heavy_metal_prompt = heavy_metal_template.get_prompt(lyrics=song_lyrics)
heavy_metal_lyrics, _, _ = heavy_metal_llm.generate(heavy_metal_prompt)

```

Let's see what we managed to generate. For the first LLM call we provided the topic 
manually and we got the following title:

```python
print("Song title:\n", song_title)
```

```commandline
Song title:
"Friendship Forever"
```

The song title was then passed as an argument for the `{song_title}` variable in the 
next template and the resulting prompt was used to generate our song lyrics:

```python
print("Song Lyrics:\n", song_lyrics)
```

```commandline
Song Lyrics:

Verse 1:
It's been a long road, but we made it here
We've been through tough times, but we stayed strong through the years
We've been through the highs and the lows, but we never gave up
Friendship forever, through the good and the bad

Chorus:
Friendship forever, it will always last
Together we'll stand, no matter what the past
No mountain too high, no river too wide
Friendship forever, side by side

Verse 2:
We've been through the laughter and the tears
We've shared the joys and the fears
But no matter the challenge, we'll never give in
Friendship forever, it's a bond that will never break

Chorus:
Friendship forever, it will always last
Together we'll stand, no matter what the past
No mountain too high, no river too wide
Friendship forever, side by side

Bridge:
We'll be here for each other, through thick and thin
Our friendship will always remain strong within
No matter the distance, our bond will remain
Friendship forever, never fade away

Chorus:
Friendship forever, it will always last
Together we'll stand, no matter what the past
No mountain too high, no river too wide
Friendship forever, side by side
```

Finally, the generated song lyrics were passed as an argument to the `{lyrics}` 
variable of the last prompt template, which is used for the final LLM call that 
produces the heavy metal version of the lyrics:

```python
print("Heavy Metal Lyrics:\n", heavy_metal_lyrics)
```

```commandline
Heavy Metal Lyrics:

Verse 1:
The journey was hard, but we made it here
Through the hardships we endured, never wavering in our hearts
We've seen the highs and the lows, but never surrendering
Friendship forever, no matter the odds

Chorus:
Friendship forever, it will never die
Together we'll fight, no matter what we defy
No force too strong, no abyss too deep
Friendship forever, bound in steel we'll keep

```

## LLM Flows

In the previous sections, we reviewed the `LLM` and `PromptTemplate` abstractions and 
introduced two common patterns when building LLM-powered apps. 
In the first pattern, we used prompt templates to create dynamic prompts, and in the 
second pattern, we used the output of an LLM call as input to another LLM.

In this section, we will introduce two new main abstractions of LLMFlows - Flowsteps 
and Flows.

!!! info
    The `Flow` and `FlowStep` classes can be imported from `llmflows.flows`

Flows and FlowSteps are the bread and butter of LLMFlows. They are simple but powerful 
abstractions that allow us to create arbitrary DAG(Directed acyclic graph) connections 
between LLMs while managing dependencies, order of execution, and prompt variables.

Let's try to reproduce the previous example using Flows and Flowsteps. As a start, 
let's define the same templates that we are already familiar with:

```python
from llmflows.prompts import PromptTemplate

title_template = PromptTemplate("What is a good title of a song about {topic}")
lyrics_template = PromptTemplate("Write me the lyrics for a song with a title {song_title}")
heavy_metal_template = PromptTemplate("paraphrase the following lyrics: {lyrics}")
```

Once we have the prompt templates, we can start defining the flowsteps:

```python
from llmflows.flows import Flow, FlowStep

title_flowstep = FlowStep(
    name="Title Flowstep",
    llm=OpenAI(),
    prompt_template=title_template,
    output_key="song_title",
)

lyrics_flowstep = FlowStep(
    name="Lyrics Flowstep",
    llm=OpenAI(),
    prompt_template=lyrics_template,
    output_key="lyrics",
)

heavy_metal_flowstep = FlowStep(
    name="Heavy Metal Flowstep",
    llm=OpenAI(),
    prompt_template=heavy_metal_template,
    output_key="heavy_metal_lyrics",
)
```

To create a flowstep, we have to provide the required parameters for the `FlowStep` 
class:

- name (must be unique)
- the LLM to be used within the flow
- the prompt template to be used when calling the LLM
- output_key (must be unique), which is treated as a prompt variable for other flowsteps

!!! question
    
    Q: What if I don't want to provide a prompt template? In many cases I can simply 
    use a string instead.

    A: Makes sense! In this scenario, feel free to create a prompt template without 
    any variables.

Once we have the FlowStep definitions, we can connect the flowsteps.

```python
title_flowstep.connect(lyrics_flowstep)
lyrics_flowstep.connect(heavy_metal_flowstep)
```

Now we can create the flow and start it. We must provide the first `FlowStep` to create 
the' Flow' object. Finally, to start it, we must use the `start()` method and provide 
any required initial inputs.

```python
songwriting_flow = Flow(title_flowstep)
result = songwriting_flow.start(topic="love", verbose=True)  # provide initial inputs for the flow
```

This is it!

Although this seems like a lot of extra abstractions to achieve the same functionality 
as in the previous examples, if we start inspecting the results, we will see some 
advantages of using Flows and FlowSteps.

After running all FlowSteps, the Flow will return detailed results for each individual FlowStep:

```python
print(result)
```

```python
{
    "Title Flowstep": {...},
    "Lyrics Flowstep": {...},
    "Heavy Metal Flowstep": {...}
}
```

Let's take a look at what happend when running the "Title Flowstep":
```python
print(result["Title Flowstep"])
```
```json
{
   "start_time":"2023-07-03T15:23:47.490368",
   "prompt_inputs":{
      "topic":"love"
   },
   "generated":"\n\n\"Love Is All Around Us\"",
   "call_data":{
      "raw_outputs":{
         "<OpenAIObject text_completion id=cmpl-7YMFPac1MKUje0jIyk4adkYssk4rQ at 0x107946f90> JSON":{
            "choices":[
               {
                  "finish_reason":"stop",
                  "index":0,
                  "logprobs":null,
                  "text":"\n\n\"Love Is All Around Us\""
               }
            ],
            "created":1688423027,
            "id":"cmpl-7YMFPac1MKUje0jIyk4adkYssk4rQ",
            "model":"text-davinci-003",
            "object":"text_completion",
            "usage":{
               "completion_tokens":9,
               "prompt_tokens":10,
               "total_tokens":19
            }
         }
      },
      "retries":0,
      "prompt_template":"What is a good title of a song about {topic}",
      "prompt":"What is a good title of a song about love"
   },
   "config":{
      "model_name":"text-davinci-003",
      "temperature":0.7,
      "max_tokens":500
   },
   "end_time":"2023-07-03T15:23:48.845386",
   "execution_time":1.355005416,
   "result":{
      "song_title":"\n\n\"Love Is All Around Us\""
   }
}

```

There is a lot to unpack here, but after finishing the flow, we have complete 
visibility of what happened at each flowstep. By having this information, we can answer 
questions such as:

- When was a particular flowstep run?
- How much time did it take?
- What were the input variables?
- What was the prompt template?
- What did the prompt look like?
- What was the exact configuration of the model?
- How many times did we retry the request?
- What was the raw data the API returned?
- How many tokens were used?
- What was the final result?

This ties to our "Simple, Explicit, and Transparent LLM apps philosophy." This 
information gives developers complete visibility and easily log, debug, and maintain 
LLM apps.

This, however, is only one of many values that LLMFlows can provide. This simple 
example is excellent for this guide, but real-life applications are usually more 
complex. Next, we will go deeper into more complex applications where Flows and 
FlowSteps start to shine due to features like figuring out variable dependencies and 
running FlowSteps in parallel.
***
[Next: LLM Flows :material-arrow-right:](LLM Flows.md){ .md-button }
